yo what is going on God 811 here today
and today I'm just going to bring you a
video of rocket League it's going to be
a tutorial of how to get the 500
kilometer um that's what it is trophy
and PlayStation and um it's it's a most
efficient way I can find also what
you're going to do is you're going to
want to start up an exhibition oh it
doesn't matter what team size there is I
guess I'm keep it as 3 b3 dunno BOTS any
stadium you want and then you're going
to create the match all right oh god I
just burped just finish together it's
probably um so you can join any team you
want to scream blue I guess and what
you're going to want to do is I guess
you can score a goal at first if you
want their yeah
just so you don't like tirely just
really got so now next up is you see
these ej here it's going to take them
and you're going to keep going around
and make sure you use the same wheels
for this um we don't switch up your
wheels as you're doing it just um use
the same wheels for this whole entire
sure if you got understand yeah so
you're just going to keep doing this
throughout all these exhibition matches
just keep doing this I don't know the
time i'm sorry but this doesn't work um
does get you miles and stuff like that
so if you would like to try it go ahead
but yeah I might actually put more
rocket League game play out guys cuz
it's a new game that a lot of my friends
seem to be playing and I think it'd be
cool to make some videos on it maybe I
can start a season or something like
that I don't know but anyway thank you
guys for watching please like subscribe
and as always a staple see you later bye